^YConfiguration^0

^WUP/DOWN^0 ... cursor
^WA^0 ......... select
^WX^0 ..... raw config

^WY^0 ......... quit

Support USB keyboard:
A->Ctrl, B->Alt, X->Shift,
Y->Esc


How to configure:


For all configuration setting pages, the settings are saved
to flash memory by pressing the A button. By pressing the Y
button, editing is interrupted and the original configuration
is returned.


Volume
------
A volume of 100% is the maximum normal volume. The volume can
be increased up to 250%, this can amplify quiet sounds, but
the sound may already be distorted.


Backlight
---------
The backlight can be controlled in 8 stages, 1 to 8. Each
decrease in backlight by 1 stage means a halving of the power
consumption of the backlight (the dependence of brightness on
power consumption is logarithmic). The backlight with
brightness 0 can only be set programmatically to prevent
the control from malfunctioning.


ADC Reference
-------------
The ADC reference voltage can be set by applying a voltage
of known exact value to any of the GPIO26 to GPIO28 inputs,
or by measuring the reference voltage on the ADCref pin.
Also GPIO29 pin can be used, which is normally used to measure
the battery voltage, but it is necessary to account for the
voltage drop across the decoupling diode (whose value is set
in the battery settings) and the following 1/3 division
resistor branch.


Battery
-------
The "full" and "empty" parameters are used to set the range
to indicate the battery charge level. The "diode drop"
parameter is the voltage across the decoupling diode that
is added to the measured voltage when measuring the battery
voltage.


Temperature
-----------
Temperature measurement measures the internal temperature
of the microcontroller. It can also be used to measure the
ambient temperature, but only for a short time immediately
after switching on before the microcontroller warms up. To
calibrate the temperature measurement, first let the device
equilibrate the temperature with the ambient environment
for an hour when the device is switched off. The ambient
temperature should be close to 27°C. Turn the device on
and change the "Base" setting to match the ambient
temperature. Then place the switched off device in a cool
environment with a known temperature (refrigerator) and
let it equilibrate the temperature for an hour. Then turn
the device on and set the correct temperature by changing
the "Slope" parameter.  Be careful not to dew the
electronics of the device. You will probably have to
repeat the settings as the values may be slightly
affected.


Crystal
-------
The crystal frequency calibration does not affect the
operation of the programs (the frequencies cannot be set
with such precision), but can be used in software
post-correction for a clock, frequency generator or
precise frequency meter.

The frequency of the crystal can either be set manually,
if we have a precision frequency meter, or we can use a
precision time clock for calibration. To synchronize the
clock on the computer, e.g. the AboutTime program can be
used, which sets the clock according to the ntp server.

At the beginning of the calibration, synchronize the
clock on the computer with the ntp and view the time
display. When the seconds reach 00, press the B button.
This will start counting the time in the device.

Time measurement can take place over several hours or
even several days. During the measurement, compare the
seconds reading - wait until the time reading on the
device differs from the time reading of the real clock
by about 20 seconds. The higher the deviation, the more
accurate the calibration will be. However, the deviation
must not exceed 29 seconds. While waiting for the
deviation, you can turn off the display with the X
button, this will save the display from being burned
out by static. Any button will turn the display back
on. In addition, the LED flashes at 1-second intervals
during calibration.

During calibration, the bottom line displays the
predicted crystal frequency corresponding to the point
at which you would have completed the calibration.
However, it will only be displayed within the allowed
tolerance range of 11998000 Hz to 12002000 Hz, which
corresponds to an allowed deviation from the nominal
frequency of 2000 Hz, a tolerance of 167 ppm.
Calibration can only be ended within the allowed
frequency range, i.e. when a valid reading is
displayed in the prediction line. Outside this range,
the calibration can only be interrupted with the
Y button.

After reaching the required deviation of about 20
seconds, first synchronize the clock on the computer
with the ntp server again. Display the real time
clock and press the B button when the seconds on the
real time clock reach 00. The program will calculate
the crystal frequency from the deviation of the
indicated time and display the frequency. The
frequency can be saved in the configuration by
pressing button A.


Config RAW
----------
The "Config RAW" page is called up by pressing the
X button. The page will display all parameters of the
configuration structure, including the checksum and
the number of structures in the flash memory. The device
configuration is stored in the last 4 KB of flash memory.
One configuration structure is 32 bytes in size. In this
way, 128 configuration structures fit into the
configuration memory.

When saving the device configuration, the old structure
is not overwritten, but additional structures are added
to the end of the list. This is to save the limited
number of writes to the flash memory. When the entire
memory is full, the configuration memory is deleted and
the structures are stored again from the beginning. If
the write was interrupted at this point, e.g. by
powering off the device, the configuration could be
lost, the default settings would be used when powering
up again.
